# JPL Lessons Learned Intelligent Search Tool (LIST) for Anomaly Report Recommendation
With the volume of digital data growing exponentially, graph databases have proven advantageous for maintaining the structure and relationships between textual and numerical input on large scales. The JPL Problem Reporting System contains problem anomaly reports for technical issues relating to specific NASA missions; however, no tool exists to provide report recommendations for similar anomalies given a technical input. A knowledge graph and graph neural net architecture is implemented to categorize this extensive database and generate recommendations. Textual information from documents is stored as BERT/GPT-encoded embeddings within the graph’s nodes, and edges represent relational information. A GraphSAGE neural net is trained using link prediction with a combined contrastive and random negative edge sampling approach. Ensemble training is used to train 10 models with different sets of negative edges, and their results are averaged after inference to provide a ranked list of anomaly report recommendations by relevancy score. The neural net consistently performs above 92${\%}$ accuracy on train and test data for all models. Results demonstrate that recommendations generated are clearly more pertinent than a simple keyword search and consider the contextual meaning of the text. This approach will be expanded for multi-modal data formats and different edge sampling techniques.

Main code is in file: xlsx_prs_smap_v11_KPmergeIS_FL.ipynb
